just a few more finishing touches and
this jet should be ready now let's check
out the controls and sounds landing
gears ready now it's time to fly high in
the sky you're not going anywhere
because I'm taking your jet you're a
private property fella you need to leave
this jet is mine you must stop now
[Music]
he just took my new LaserJet someone's
gotta stop him sure watch Batman was
here right now did somebody call Batman
I sure did some big strong fella came
here give me a swift punch and stole my
brand-new jet can you let me get it back
I sure can get it back how can you be so
sure because I'm Batman Robin I see the
jet over there straight ahead
[Music]
I'll see you back at the airport Robin
valincia now I'm not landing anything I
[Music]
sure hope Batman is able to get my jet
back yeah don't worry he'll bring it
back any second when you said any second
you are right Batman you'll pay for this
I'm not paying for anything I'm gonna
get you this time Batman justice
prevails and the good guys win we'll see
you next time
[Music]